Fix erroneous protocols.execute documentation (#1371)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/1/protocols/api/entrypoint/execute/index.md

Executes a Kuzzle's [API action](/core/1/api/).

> The `execute` function main usage is to forward users API requests to Kuzzle. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `execute` function main usage is to forward users API requests to Kuzzle.
```

| ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `request`  | <pre>[Request](/core/1/protocols/api/context/request)</pre> | Standardized API request |
| `callback(result)` | <pre>function</pre> | Callback receiving the response |

---

## Return

The `execute` function resolves to a serialized Kuzzle response JSON object.

This resulting object contains the following properties:

* `raw` (boolean, default `false`): if `false`, the response content is a JSON object following the [Kuzzle standard response format](core/1/api/essentials/kuzzle-response/). Otherwise, the content can be anything, depending on the executed API action.
* `status` (integer, default `200`): request status, following the standard [HTTP status codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_status_codes)
* `requestId` (string, nullable): request identifier set by clients, and used to link asynchronous responses to emitted requests.

> * `content`: the response itself, this is the payload that should be sent to the requesting client following the implemented protocol format. This property type partlydepends the value of the `raw` flag (if `false`, then the content is always a JSON object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `content`: the response itself, this is the payload that should be sent to the requesting client following the implemented protocol format. This property type partly depends on the value of the `raw` flag (if `false`, then the content is always a JSON object).
```
